Ciao Lain, sei stata bene?
Sì, e tu?
Yes, I’ve been fine. I’m a bit tired, though.
Stanco?
Sì, sono stato abbastanza impegnato.
Quanto?
Ehm, beh... Almeno parlarti così è qualcosa che mi piace.
Davvero?
Really! What shall we talk about today... What do you want to talk about, Lain?
Non potevamo parlare molto di te lo scorso mese.
I’d rather talk about you, though, Lain; not about myself.
But you’re right, it’s only fair that we both get to talk about what we want, so this time we’ll talk about me. But next time we’ll talk about you, Lain. Is that all right?
Okay!
I’m not sure where I should start, though... My name is Younera Touko, I’m 27, I’m a doctor at the Tokyo Research Institute for Psychotherapy... That's all about me.
Ah, non andremo da nessuna parte così.
You know, I’m used to listening people talk, not talking myself.
Is there anything you’d like to know, Lain?
Come sei diventato un dottore?
Ho studiato molto in un posto chiamato università.
Ho scritto una cosa chiamata tesi e con quella ho ricevuto la mia laurea per diventare un dottore.